{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18960\viewh12980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **Preface**\
*Solutions: http://mitpress.mit.edu/algorithms/\
* Efficiency is a design criterion. \
\
PART I FOUNDATIONS\
* We should consider algorithms as a technology, alongside technologies such as fast hardware, graphical user interfaces, object-oriented systems, and networks. \
* Insertion Sort uses incremental approach. \
* Merge Sort uses a recursive technique known as \'93divide-and-conquer.\'94\
\
1. The Role of Algorithms in Computing\
1.1. Algorithms\
	Informally, an 
\f1\b algorithm
\f0\b0  is any well-defined computational procedure that takes some value, or set of values, as 
\f1\b input
\f0\b0  and produces some value, or set of values, as 
\f1\b output
\f0\b0 . Thus, an 
\f1\b algorithm 
\f0\b0 is a sequence of computational steps that transform the input into the output. \
\
* Sequence of computational steps that transforms input to output.\
* Well-defined! Computational procedure, takes input and produce output. \
* A tool for solving well-specified computational problem. \
\
* A 
\f1\b correct-algorithm 
\f0\b0 halts with the correct output for every input instance. \
\
* An algorithm can be specified in 
\f1\b English, 
\f0\b0 as a 
\f1\b computer program, 
\f0\b0 or even as a 
\f1\b hardware design. 
\f0\b0 The only requirement is that the specification must provide a precise description of the computational procedure to be followed.\
\
* CONVEX HULL: Smallest convex polygon containing the points. Could be represented as a tight rubber band that surrounds all the nails. \
\
* DISCRETE FOURIER TRANSFORM:  Converts time domain to frequency domain, producing a set of numerical coefficients, so that we can determine the strength of various frequencies in the sampled length. }